Astrid Ensslin (she/her): subtitles.
Astrid Ensslin (she/her): Good okay.
Astrid Ensslin (she/her): i'm not sure how many other people doing this right now.
Astrid Ensslin (she/her): But I think I can I can just save it to my own local computer.
Dene Grigar: i'll stop mine and if you're recording do it on yours okay.
Astrid Ensslin (she/her): yeah you answer yes, yes, we yeah we were just talking about the recording and we will have a record individually as well.
Astrid Ensslin (she/her): hi.
Track Four: Conference Admin: I hope the.
Astrid Ensslin (she/her): Video that's great that's great.
Astrid Ensslin (she/her): So we have two minutes to go, so I will do a quick a quick intro he's probably seen it in the script and then we'll go, you know.
Astrid Ensslin (she/her): One by one, Catherine de mar use myself back to Catherine if that's Okay, and then we'll bring in everyone else, or just have a discussion about whatever comes up.